
🍎✏️🍎 Fall Semester Class Fund Contributions 🍎✏️🍎
(please expand post for additional information)

Each year, classes pool together funds to cover several group activities and special school events, as well as gifts for our educators and staff.  This enables us to operate efficiently and effectively to ensure our scholars have fun while learning throughout the year.  For Mrs. Garcia’s class, we are asking each scholar to contribute $45 to $55 per semester.  The contribution itself is not mandatory and the amount is a suggested range – you may contribute more or less. 

We endeavor to be transparent in the use of these funds, so will be maintaining a list of all donations, records and receipts for all expenditures, and a working budget.  Where appropriate/possible we will consult with parents prior to making any major decisions on behalf of the class.  We will also aim to reduce costs through additional donations, help from volunteers, collaborations with other classes, reaching out to the community and local organizations for discounts and donations for class activities, and reusing/recycling. 

Fall contributions will cover:
-       Historical Festival – class and trunk-or-treat decorations, lunch, and a fun craft activity
-       Thanksgiving Party – class decorations and a fun craft activity
-       Holiday Hot Cocoa Party – class decorations, lunch, and a fun craft activity
-       Holiday Gifts – We will be providing a cash gift of $350 and small gift basket for Mrs. Garcia, as well as contributing $125 from our class to be combined with contributions from other classes to provide gifts for specials (physical education, art, and music), specialists (ESE, psychologist, and reading interventionist), administration and office support, and security, maintenance, and janitorial.

You can send your contributions to Katherine
-       Venmo: @KatherinePalaciosMoreno
-       Zelle: (305) 582-3517

In order to keep everyone apprised of future class expenses, Spring contributions (to be collected next semester) will cover:
-       Teacher Appreciation Gifts – We will be providing a cash gift for Mrs. Garcia of $100 and $1/scholar from our class to be combined with contributions from other classes to provide gifts for specials (physical education, art, and music).
-       End-of-Year Gifts – We will be providing a cash gift for Mrs. Garcia of $350 and $1/scholar from our class to be combined with contributions from other classes to provide gifts for specials (physical education, art, and music), specialists (ESE, psychologist, and reading interventionist), administration and office support, and security, maintenance, and janitorial.
-       End-of-Year Party and Gifts for Scholars – class decorations, lunch, and a fun craft activity

Additional class expenses that are not covered by class funds:
-       Field Trips
-           Thanksgiving Lunch
-       Holiday Book Exchange
-       Valentine’s Day, St. Patrick’s Day, Egg Hunt, Mother’s Day
-       Clash of the Titans (Field Day)
-       Basket(s) that we contribute for Auction at the 8th Annual True North Gala
-       Teacher’s Birthday

Many thanks to each and every one of you for your continued support for our class.  We are looking forward to many fun events for the kids this year!
